Changed
-------

- ``Otto::Security::Config#trusted_proxy?`` now matches string entries with
  proper ``IPAddr`` CIDR containment for both IPv4 and IPv6, replacing the
  previous ``==`` / ``start_with?`` text matching. Bare hosts (e.g.
  ``192.168.1.1``) match only exactly, and CIDR ranges (e.g. ``10.0.0.0/8``)
  now actually match contained addresses. Non-IP entries (e.g. ``172.16.``)
  still fall back to the legacy prefix match, and ``Regexp`` entries are
  unchanged. This is a behavior change: addresses that were previously
  matched only because they shared a textual prefix are no longer treated as
  trusted. (otto#58, onetimesecret#3436)
- ``IPPrivacyMiddleware`` now resolves the client IP once into a canonical
  ``env['otto.client_ip']`` ("resolve once, read everywhere") and is
  idempotent: a second pass (e.g. when the middleware is mounted both at the
  app and router levels) yields instead of re-resolving and double-masking.
- ``Otto::Request#ip`` and ``#client_ipaddress`` now prefer
  ``env['otto.client_ip']`` when present, falling back to Rack's native
  resolution when the middleware has not run. Downstream code no longer
  depends on ``REMOTE_ADDR`` / ``X-Forwarded-For`` rewriting being
  load-bearing.
- ``Otto::Request#secure?`` now authorizes ``X-Forwarded-Proto`` /
  ``X-Scheme`` from a canonical, leak-free ``env['otto.via_trusted_proxy']``
  flag recorded by ``IPPrivacyMiddleware`` before masking, instead of
  re-deriving trust from the (now masked) ``REMOTE_ADDR``. It falls back to
  the previous behavior when the middleware has not run.
- ``add_trusted_proxy`` now logs a warning when given a string that is not a
  valid IP or CIDR (e.g. ``'172.16.'``), since such entries use legacy
  string-prefix matching; prefer a CIDR range.
- IP validation and port-stripping were consolidated into
  ``Otto::Utils.normalize_ip`` / ``strip_ip_port`` (previously duplicated in
  ``IPPrivacyMiddleware`` and ``Otto::Request``).
- Trusted-proxy string entries are now parsed to ``IPAddr`` once at
  registration (in ``add_trusted_proxy``) and cached, so ``trusted_proxy?``
  no longer re-parses each entry on every request.

Security
--------

- Trusted-proxy matching is now correct CIDR containment rather than text
  prefix matching, removing both false positives (e.g. ``192.168.1.100``
  matching the host ``192.168.1.1``) and false negatives (CIDR ranges that
  never matched). ``secure?`` no longer silently fails to trust
  ``X-Forwarded-Proto`` behind a TLS-terminating trusted proxy when IP
  privacy is enabled. (onetimesecret#3436)

Fixed
-----

- IPv6 addresses are no longer truncated during proxy resolution.
  ``validate_ip_address`` previously did ``ip.split(':').first``, collapsing
  an IPv6 address to its first hextet; it now uses ``IPAddr`` validation with
  IPv6-safe port stripping (bracketed ``[2001:db8::1]:443`` and IPv4
  ``host:port``). IPv6 clients behind trusted proxies now resolve and mask
  correctly. (onetimesecret#3436)
- ``Otto::Request#redacted_fingerprint``, ``#geo_country``, ``#hashed_ip``
  and ``#masked_ip`` (plus ``NoAuthStrategy`` metadata and
  ``LoggingHelpers`` country) read the canonical ``otto.privacy.*`` env keys
  the middleware actually writes; they previously read un-namespaced keys
  that were never set and so always returned ``nil``.
