Added
-----

- ``Otto::Services`` ŌĆö a modular home for network-service integrations, where an
  external network component speaks a fixed HTTP contract to the app and the app
  supplies a small decision while Otto owns the HTTP ceremony. Sits alongside
  ``Otto::MCP`` / ``Otto::Security`` / ``Otto::Privacy`` and is opt-in per
  integration.

- **Caddy on-demand TLS permission endpoint** (the pilot integration). Enable it
  with a single call whose block is the only application coupling point::

    otto.enable_caddy_tls! do |domain|
      MyApp::CustomDomain.verified?(domain)  # truthy => 200 allow, falsy => 403 deny
    end

  One endpoint (default ``/_caddy/tls-permission``) serves both Caddy's deprecated
  ``ask`` directive and its replacement ``permission http`` module ŌĆö the HTTP
  contract is identical (``GET ?domain=<host>``, ``200`` = allow, non-``2xx`` =
  deny), so migrating is config-only on Caddy's side. The route is registered
  programmatically (like ``/_mcp``); no routes file entry is required.

Security
--------

- ``Otto::Services::LocalhostGuard`` ŌĆö a path-scoped, loopback-only guard that
  every network-service integration can opt into. A request is allowed only if it
  is a *direct local call*: the **raw TCP peer** is loopback **and** the request
  carries no forwarding header (``X-Forwarded-For`` / ``X-Real-IP`` /
  ``X-Client-IP`` / ``Forwarded``). The raw peer is read before
  ``IPPrivacyMiddleware`` resolves forwarded headers, closing a loopback bypass
  (reading Otto's resolved client IP would let a co-located, trusted-proxy Caddy be
  tricked with a spoofed ``X-Forwarded-For: 127.0.0.1``); rejecting forwarding
  headers additionally keeps the endpoint safe if it is accidentally mounted inside
  a public app behind a proxy that connects over loopback. Loopback detection uses
  ``IPAddr#native.loopback?`` so IPv4-mapped IPv6 (``::ffff:127.0.0.1``) is
  recognized, and fails closed (``401``) on blank/malformed peers. Path matching
  normalizes ``PATH_INFO`` exactly as the router does (unescape, drop invalid UTF-8
  bytes, strip trailing slash), so percent-encoded, invalid-byte, or trailing-slash
  variants cannot bypass it.

- The Caddy permission decision is fail-closed at every layer: the app block is
  wrapped so ``nil`` / ``false`` / any raised error denies (``403``); a
  blank/missing ``domain`` returns ``400`` before the block runs; only ``?domain=``
  reaches the decision; and enabling without a block raises ``ArgumentError``
  (there is no allow-all default).

Documentation
-------------

- Added ``docs/reverse-proxy-network-services.md`` (design exploration:
  options considered, the recommendation, the security model, and how CSP
  reporting (#174) would later reuse the same space) and the
  ``examples/caddy_tls_demo/`` runnable example. (delano/otto#175)

AI Assistance
-------------

- The modular ``Otto::Services`` space and the Caddy on-demand TLS pilot were
  designed with AI assistance via a multi-perspective design panel: several
  independent architectures were generated and adversarially critiqued, which
  surfaced and corrected a loopback-bypass (authenticate the raw peer, not the
  proxy-resolved client IP) and an IPv4-mapped-loopback false-reject before any
  code was written. Load-bearing claims (middleware execution order,
  ``IPAddr#native.loopback?`` behavior) were verified empirically.
